Comfort Commons Archive
=======================

🌐 Comfort Commons Buildathon  
An open research sprint exploring humane, care-centered design for the web.

Comfort Commons is a student-led buildathon and living archive-in-progress —  
a shared canvas where we gather to document, question, and co-create  
what a more caring, perceptually comfortable web could look like.

🔍 Exploring the Paradox of Perceptual Comfort
---------------------------------------------

We begin with a layered, deceptively simple question:  
**Can we build a web that puts users — beyond just standards — in control of their own comfort and needs?**

We recognize that comfort and accessibility needs are deeply diverse and contextual —  
yet they also intersect in powerful, often surprising ways.

In this buildathon, we aim to collaboratively map and model these overlaps  
into open, adaptable design patterns that reduce sensory and cognitive friction for users —  
while remaining lightweight and realistic for developers to adopt.

Here, perceptual comfort isn't a fixed metric, but an evolving dialogue  
between users, systems, and design that cares.

This isn't just a buildathon. It's a question in motion.  
It's open-source, non-commercial, and free forever.  
It belongs to all of us — and we hope you'll help shape it.

.. note::

   ⚙️ Archive sections are **coming soon** as the buildathon progresses.  
   In the meantime, do take a peek behind the scenes at our prep space:  
   👉 `PreComfortCommons <https://your-precomfort-link>`_

----

Explore the Archive
-------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Archive Index

   getting-started
   comfort-mode-patterns
   design-patterns
   code-recipes
   modeling-notes
   contributor-reflections
   join-us

----

About the Project
-----------------

Comfort Commons is proudly **cross-major** and **student-led**, with contributors  
from 10+ universities around the world — including students from design, tech, cognitive science, policy, literature, and beyond.

The archive is organized into tracks:

- **Design Patterns** – UI/UX systems for perceptual comfort  
- **Tech for Comfort** – Code-based customization tools  
- **Conceptual Models** – Systems thinking and framing tools  
- **Reflections** – Narratives and real-world experiences  

This work is built on shared values: openness, non-commercialization, and accessibility by design.

----

Join the Commons
----------------

Whether you're a coder, designer, researcher, or thinker —  
there's a space for your voice here.

See :doc:`join-us` for how to contribute, collaborate, or remix this work.

----

Reminder on Use
---------------

All materials here are shared under an open license.  
No part of this archive or any tool derived from it may be commercialized.

We ask that all use reflects the spirit of the Commons:  
build with care, attribute with integrity.

